---
title: "2019"
date: 2019-01-12T19:58:12+02:00
draft: true
author: "Adam"

partners: [
           "Barbara Konrad", 
           "Susanne Scholz", 
           "Die andere saite", 
           "Galerie Jünger",
           "Boyana Maynalovska", 
           "Klaus Lang"
           ]

tags: ["Canon", "Additive Rhythm", "Asymetry", "Microtonality", "Sequences"]

menu:
  main:
    parent: Music
    weight: -10
---


# Winding Echoes

Fourth bicenium based on pieces out of the collection "canzionem duarem vocum" by Orlando di Lasso.
The original piece is titled "justus cor suum" and this is where the melodic material for the piece
comes from. The composition is canonic and also reflects some of the rhythmic devices used
by Morton Feldman in his late piano piece, Triadic Memories.

Premiered by Barbara Konrad and Susanne Scholz at Galerie Jünger in Vienna.

Recording coming soon.

Take a look at the score <object>
<a href="/scores/2019/bicenienscore">here</a></p>
</object>


# Memoires of the old sound

+ partners: Longleash, University College Cork, FUAIM, Arts Council Ireland



Second piano trio in collaboration with Longleash.
Premiered at the FUAIM concert series at University College Cork.

The piece is similar in structure to "d'amore^2", it expands upon sequences and figuration from
Bach's E Major partita and explores the sonic possiblities of quarter tone chromatic and just intoned tuning systems.

Take a look at the score <object>
<a href="/scores/2019/cuimhniicinnscore">here</a></p>
</object>

# d'amore^2

+ partners: Barbara Konrad, Boyana Maynalovska, Klaus Lang, Galerie Jünger

First piece for two viola d'Amore
Premiered by Barbara Konrad and Boyana Maynalovska at Galerie Jünger in Vienna.

The piece is similar in structure to "Cuimhní cinn ar an seanfhuaim", it expands upon sequences and figuration from
Bach's E Major partita and explores the sonic possiblities of quarter tone chromatic and just intoned tuning systems.

Recording coming soon.

Take a look at the score <object>
<a href="/scores/2019/damore2score">here</a></p>
</object>
